what is going on guys welcome back to
another video with your host as always
kmac time now today is a very special
day for me and all Americans everywhere
it is of course the 4th of July
Independence Day very important day in
American history and also a very
important day for all Americans to line
up some fireworks and drink some beers
and do all kinds of fun stuff everyone
loves fireworks everyone loves going to
see fireworks here in America it is just
a great thing and it's very very fun I
plan on going to see firework shows this
weekend a lot of them really but you
know there can be got me thinking you
know has there been some firework
assassins I know there has been so I
want to make a compilation of so the
biggest firework disasters in world
history so let's jump right into the
list of world's biggest firework
fuck-ups ever and start off with number
5 on the list which took place in the
town of Shiva ski and South India and
which is known as the firework capital
of India now this took place at the ohm
sack the fireworks industry was
operating underneath a valid license at
the time to boot and the fire started in
2012 and workers were mixing dangerous
chemicals in a very hot room resulting
blaze got out of control and burned for
over five hours before firefighters
could paint it in the aftermath all over
45 people were dead and more than 70
others horribly and injured in very much
pain disaster led to many arrests and
the government also cracked down on fire
work factories in the area for not
having safety features coming in at
number four on this list is the firework
factory explosion in NCD Netherlands the
disaster started when a small fire broke
out in the factory and led to over 100
tons of its fireworks exploding with the
power of a large bomb the whole building
went up into a catastrophic blaze and
was huge 23 people tragically died in
another 947 people got injured by this
in over twelve hundred and fifty local
residents were left homeless after the
wake of the fires that ravaged the
surrounding town
this Factory was in the middle of a very
very populated area which is just kind
of all kinds of fucking stupid but yeah
that's so poor shitty next up on our
list at number three is the galaxy fires
tent fire of 2007 now Perry the splitter
plays into more dough when a giant
galaxy fireworks tent set up and had
over $100,000 for the flowers in this
tent when a 41 year old Tampa Bay
resident Tony Glen Rogers wandered into
the galaxy tent and thought hey this
good idea to start lighting fireworks
off in this tent the resulting fire and
adult resulted in all of the fireworks
going off I just see in this video which
is actually pretty fucking epic but at
the same time so so shitty because you
know that someone's you know mind
getting burned away there's all kind of
pirates they're going to sell pretty
much just ruined but this guy end up
going to jail for over four years for
this and ended up injuring three people
and almost killed one guy actually I put
first critical finish for this but the
town they get a pretty good display of
fireworks but there the guys pull
asshole menu one of those words firework
disasters in American history coming in
at number two on the list and was a
Chinese truck that exploded tearing down
an entire freeway in 2013 a truck
carrying Chinese New Year New Year's
fireworks exploded and hooked down part
of an elevated highway in China's Henan
Province 260 feet of the bridge
collapsed setting vehicles plunging more
than a hundred feet to the ground
the explosion of highway killed 26
people injured countless more that is a
very very shitty day indeed that would
be fucking nuts you see something like
that exploded and all of a sudden the
bridge or driving on collapses that is
absolutely insane
and finally our number one spot for
biggest fireworks disaster took place in
2004 in Denmark when another firework
factory in a small town blew up on
explicably and detonated over 1,000 tons
of fireworks over a seven hour period as
you can see from this video it is
abso-fucking-lutely insane I could not
believe
video if I suppose seeing this live I
don't know if I could stand there I
would have to run for my fucking life
cuz this is just some epic fucking shit
right here this looks like Armageddon
has come loose and fucking shit is
popping off this is absolutely insane
this fire cost these cost a small town
over forty million dollars in damages it
also killed one firefighter while while
injuring 17 others leaving lots of
homeowners sadly homeless also in the
effort of blasts but that was the worst
fire disaster of all time so let me know
down in the comments section which you
guys are gonna be doing for the both of
July what are your favorite fireworks
you guys like bottle rockets do you like
snakes and sparklers you know personally
I like bottle rockets and black cats and
cherry bombs but let me know what you
guys army lighting off this this fourth
of July and as always guys have a great
day please be safe they were gonna be
using fireworks especially around
children guys have a great fourth of
July guys gain the fuck on I'll see you
guys the next video make sure you guys
drop a like and subscribe to my channel
for more videos guys like I said have a
great 4th of July
take it easy guys peace out